What the hell?
Just something
to help you relax.
You really don't
have any idea who I am.
do you. Mr. Salinger?
Save your breath. sweetheart.
_
You're gonna need it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- It's me.
- I'm back.
- How was Chicago?
- Oh. God. you know.
All these conferences
are such a waste of time.
You...
How was your day?
How was work?
Fine...
Except for Carlton.
Again?
He keeps leering at me...
Gives me the creeps.
Well. he's your boss.
Sooner or later.
you have to report him to H.R.
I'm so glad you're back.
I have a surprise for you.
You're giving me a drawer?
Only if you want it.
I mean. if it's too soon...
I just thought
it might be nice.
Su casa es mi casa.
Sync. corrected by icephoenix
www.addic7ed.com
_
What you're asking me to do...
I appreciate
that you turned yourself in.
You came back for me.
Liz. I'm in danger.
I need the passports.
I can't.
I just can't.
Liz. please!
Turning myself in to save you
saved me.
And not because
the Judge let me go.
I've been running
since I was 14.
It's all I've known.
And in that moment.
when the Judge let me go.
I thought.
"maybe there's a world
where I don't have to run.
where I could just..."
These Germans want me dead...
My handler. too.
So. please. I need your help.
- I need the passports.
- They're not just passports.
You put them in a box
under the floor in our home.
They represent
everything I'm trying to forget.
I know.
I wouldn't ask unless it was important.
They're locked up in evidence.
That's exactly why
they should still be clean.
I'm not gonna walk into evidence
and steal them for you.
- Why would I do that?
- You want me gone?
Do this.
and you'll never see me again.
You need to leave.
Go. Now.
No.
Get out.
I was out. remember?
You're the one
who brought me back in.
Get out.
Perhaps I haven't
made myself clear.
I came home. and Tom was here.
- He's back in your life.
- He is not in my life.
I understand what it's like
to be drawn to something
that is unhealthy.
to a part of yourself
that you are afraid of.
But I want you to remember what
your life really was with him.
and imagine all that it could be
without him.
I don't have to imagine.
Good.
Because I have a case.
Toshiro Osaka...
A Japanese entrepreneur indicted in 2009
and knifed to death by
an aggrieved business partner.
Miles Chapman...
He was gunned down in Algiers
while avoiding extradition
for insider trading.
Lester Charles Conway...
His Ponzi scheme was so massive.
he's now serving up to 30 years.
Their crimes cost hundreds
of people their life savings...
Pensions gone.
homes in foreclosure.
families torn apart.
Why would I feel bad for them?
They're criminals.
According to Reddington.
they're innocent...
Framed after months.
sometimes years of planning
by a woman with a
deep-seated hatred for the 1%.
She doesn't just
take their money.
she takes their reputations.
their freedom.
sometimes their lives.
Her latest mark
was Declan Salinger.
a flamboyant venture capitalist
who specialized in biotech.
He was found last night
in a hotel bathtub.
needle on the floor.
dead from an apparent overdose.
His personal laptop
was taken into evidence.
CSI uncovered
corporate withdrawals
in excess of $27 million.
Navabi. go see Salinger's wife.
Ressler. Keen. the man in prison...
Talk to him.
If he was framed.
I want to know how.
_
We spoke to your attorneys.
Mr. Conway.
You claim to have been framed
by a woman named
Claudia Sanchez.
Or whatever
her name really was.
- She made everything up.
- She make up the Ponzi scheme?
The $128 million you stole
from your clients
to fund your lifestyle...
The ranch. the private jets...
Look.
I've told this story a hundred times.
We were sleeping together.
She had access to everything...
My phone. computer. passwords.
If you don't believe me...
We want to believe you.
We do.
Tell us what happened.
She was a seasonal worker
at the ranch...
Undocumented. one of many.
My wife had no idea.
The affair lasted
exactly six months.
Then one day.
she just disappears.
Three days later. I'm arrested.
Well.
they also found a packed bag in your car.
and your passport.
and a plane ticket to Beijing.
She planted it all.
That woman...
She was diabolical.
From the fingerprints
on the suitcase
to the airline ticket she
purchased using my computer...
She got into my life.
Abby Issa.
But that was nothing.
The way she moved the money.
her knowledge of how it worked.
issuing false statements.
creating shell companies.
I hired the best defense
money could buy.
and after they looked
at the evidence against me.
they recommended I cop a plea.
Beretta 21A Bobcat.
Packs a nasty bite.
If I ever have to use it.
that's exactly
what I want it to do.
I pled guilty
to a crime I didn't commit.
That's how good she was.
And the money she took.
most of it
belonged to my clients...
Teachers. doctors.
pension plans.
Over 278 people lost everything
because of some... ghost.
Never went to trial.
but your lawyers...
You said that they gathered
a lot of evidence.
We need to see it.
Hello. Roger.
The Director called for a vote.
- When?
- Tomorrow.
I've been quietly lobbying
on your behalf.
I appreciate that.
No. you don't.
You expect it.
Where do things stand?
I've spoken to Mitchum.
He's with us.
That means Brazil and South Korea are.
as well.
That likely positions Jasper
as the deciding vote.
If we can't secure his vote.
the Director will have
a majority to act against you.
Then Jasper
will have to be persuaded.
These are powerful men.
They don't respond to threats.
No.
With powerful men.
one must appeal to their vanity.
Listen to me. Red.
The Fulcrum...
If you have it.
if you can prove you have it.
do it now.
Your life depends on it.
Set the meeting.
Mrs. Salinger had a private
detective follow her husband
and his assorted mistresses
for two months.
but he found nothing
on this particular woman...
Partial prints. burner phones.
inconclusive selfies
taken from the victim's phone.
Conway's lawyers did
three months of discovery
before copping a plea.
and all they got were
payroll records from his ranch
and a lot of fake green cards
and social security numbers.
The lawyers interviewed
as much staff they could find.
but no one could or would
positively I.D.
the woman Conway alleges
framed him.
Two different cases.
two sets of professional investigators.
and this woman
didn't leave a trace.
Guys. check it out.
The detectives and the lawyers
may not have found anything
conclusive on their own.
but if you put the photos
they found together...
Our ghost has a face.
_
Okay. so. I have this friend.
Osborne. in the forensics lab...
- Freaking Osborne.
- Aram.
Right.
So.
I scanned over 40 partial prints
Conway's investigators
found at his ranch.
another 53 partials found
by Mrs. Salinger's
private detective.
I fired them off to Osborne.
He is a wizard with whorls.
loops. and arches.
He managed to stitch together
three partials
into a gorgeous.
crystal-clear left thumbprint.
Ran it through AFIS. and bang.
Her name is Vanessa Anne Cruz.
36 years old.
Last known address...
Her mother's place
in Edison. New Jersey.
Get there.
Now.
- Abby?
- Shh.
Drink it.
Ahh.
take off your clothes.
Abby?
Abby!
Oh!
Who the hell are you?!
Andy. from the front desk.
Uh. she gave me 20 bucks and
told me this key belongs to you.
Aida Hernandez?
Special Agent Donald Ressler.
Special Agent Keen.
We're trying to locate your daughter.
Vanessa Cruz.
My daughter?
She's dead.
It's my fault.
Vanessa never really had
a good male role model.
Her father was a creep.
so I wasn't surprised
when she married one.
- Wash. rinse. repeat.
- Excuse me?
Some women make
the same mistakes with men
over and over again.
Hernando was a young broker...
Worked at a big firm.
Turns out. he was a real crook.
He was doing insider trading.
and when they caught him.
he jumped off
the George Washington Bridge.
And what happened to Vanessa?
Oh.
she thought they set him up.
She adored him till the end.
Never questioned his innocence.
I tried to reason with her.
but...
Take your time.
They found her folded clothing
at Rockaway Beach.
They never found a body.
but I know she was dead.
She'd never abandon me.
She looked after you?
She was such
a beautiful person...
Never a thought of herself.
always of others.
And since she's been gone?
Vanessa made sure
I'd be well taken care of.
How did she do that?
She had an insurance policy.
I kept up with the mortgage
and made ends meet.
- Do you still have the policy?
- I never saw the policy.
But I have a letter
that came with the check.
I'm sure I can find that.
It turns out it's a fake.
- What is?
- The entire company.
Minnetonka Bankers Health & Life
was incorporated in 2006.
In nine years.
the only policy it issued
was to Cruz's mother.
It's a shelf corporation.
You mean "shell" corporation?
No. "Shelf." with an "f."
Criminals file
incorporation papers.
They pay all the fees.
It's totally legitimate.
Then then they put them
on the shelf for years.
sometimes decades.
They pay
the minimum corporate tax.
build up a credit rating.
comply with filings
to create an established.
creditworthy business
that can be used to launder
all kinds of transactions.
Including
phony insurance payments.
Guys?
It looks like
this isn't the only way
Vanessa Cruz has
used shelf companies.
At least six other victims
were all accused
of funneling money
through shelf corporations
they say
they didn't know existed.
Samar. you said these corps
are being sold to criminals.
If we could find the person
who sold them to Cruz...
Then we might find Cruz.
I need you to put me in touch
with someone who
brokers shelf corporations.
Good.
I need the Fulcrum.
Our ghost has a name...
Vanessa Cruz.
If I can find the person
who brokered her...
Agent Keen.
I'm loathe to play "tit for tat."
but unfortunately.
due to present circumstances.
I must insist on the Fulcrum.
I'm afraid it's become
an immediate matter
of life and death.
I know
how much it means to you.
I don't think you do.
And you know
how much it means to me
to know what part I play
in all of this.
But you told me
it's a blackmail file.
and I'm a federal agent.
I can't just hand over
information to you
that might give you leverage
over people who.
for all I know.
run our government.
Those people launched
a missile strike on the factory
to kill us in order
to keep their secret a secret.
This is about Tom. isn't it?
No.
This is simply about
me trying to survive.
I'm perfectly happy
to put you in touch with someone
who deals in shelf corporations.
but I need the Fulcrum.
Think about it. Lizzy.
Sorry. man. Sorry.
- Yeah?
- It's me.
I need your help.
- The case I'm working on...
- Our perp funneled money
through a shelf corporation
called Minnetonka Bankers
Health & Life.
Now. I'm sure you must know
people who provide these types
of services to people like...
- To people like me?
- Yes. to people like you.
Isn't Reddington
your C.I.?
Why isn't he here?
Is he still upset
about last night?
I told you.
if you help me with this case.
I would get you
those passports.
My relationship with Reddington
is not up for discussion.
What we need to talk about
is the case.
Now. these are two other
shelf corps our unsub set up.
Andrusia Industries.
Middle Leaf Properties...
Are these supposed
to mean something to me?
All three of those shelf corps
are named after Minnesota lakes.
When I was sifting
through your lies.
I found the shelf corp
where you had the money parked
Berlin was paying you...
Owasso Inc.
also a Minnesota lake.
All right.
I'll talk to my contact.
- see what I can come up with.
- No. I'll talk to your contact.
How about we go together?
What's so urgent?
I wanted to talk to you
about Raymond Reddington.
The vote's not
until tomorrow afternoon.
The vote's all but taken...
Not officially.
but I've spent the last six hours
speaking with all the major players.
You're back-channeling?
You're damn right.
If Reddington has the Fulcrum.
his death triggers
a protocol for release.
- We will be exposed.
- And why am I here?
You're the swing vote. Kenneth.
You're the one
that will make this decision.
You know
I lean towards the Director.
Why should I
change that position now?
Because. Mr. Jasper.
you strike me as a man
who would prefer to pitch
rather than catch.
What the hell have you done?
Just... hear him out.
That's all I ask.
Roger is quite right.
The Director's latest stratagem
is hubris.
It has very little
to do with me
and everything to do with
the consolidation of his power.
If he succeeds.
you'll become nothing more
than his trusted servant.
He needs to go.
He will go.
Tomorrow. after the meeting.
after you win this vote
with everything
that your head and your heart
tell you are true.
You're talking
about assassination.
Yes. Mr. Jasper.
Ambition's debt must be paid.
Julius Caesar?
One of my favorites...
The play. not so much the man.
The man was
a bit full of himself.
He did have
a brilliant military mind.
but he couldn't smell a plot
to save his life.
Intentional pun.
- And why is that?
- Pride.
The subtlest and yet most deadly
of the seven sins.
Like the Director.
he couldn't be saved.
And which part do you play
in all this?
Cassius?
Oh. no.
I'm the Rubicon.
You simply need to determine
which side of history
you want to end up on.
Who are you. Mr. Jasper?
A subordinate who remained
slavishly obedient
to his master.
or the presumptive leader
of an organization
that will be far more powerful
than it has ever been?
Diamond Drive Properties.
Oh. my God.
Billy!
Hey.
Come here. you.
How you doing?
Ziggy. this is Liz.
Liz. this is Ziggy.
What brings you two here?
Big favor. My friend here was
a gull in a con game.
and she lost a lot of money.
Oh. that's too bad. baby.
Turns out.
she was hustled by one of your clients.
You know better than this.
I know. I know.
But I need an address.
Look.
the people we work for are serious.
and if we don't get
that money back...
You his woman?
I'm more like his
ball and chain.
Yeah.
So. what do you say?
Can you help us? Please?
Hey.
How about a thank you?
Ressler.
I've got a mailing address for Cruz.
Clear.
- Clear.
Agent Ressler?
_
I've got dozens of files.
photos. dossiers.
I mean. she's going through their trash.
hacking their networks.
I mean. listen to this.
Copies of Declan Salinger's
bank statements. medical records.
There's even surveillance photos
and every book and video
he's ordered for three years.
Hang on.
Did you say dozens of files?
This goes way beyond the names
Mr. Reddington gave us.
I'm looking
at people she's framed.
people she's
thinking of framing.
Aram.
you wouldn't believe this place.
Hair. threads. lint.
bits of carpet. cigarette butts.
All collected.
categorized. and filed
under each victim's name.
Trace evidence to be planted
at crime scenes.
Huh. Drew Roberts.
He was one of Cruz's victims.
He worked
at Oakside Investments.
And?
That was the firm that employed
Cruz's dead husband.
Aram. I might have an idea
what this is all about.
You know. I'm no worse
than your buddy Reddington.
He's not my buddy.
And you are worse.
You don't get it.
Even after all this time.
Reddington...
Is dangerous.
and he is playing you.
I think he's more dangerous
than you give him credit for.
But he has a moral code.
I don't like it.
but at least I know what it is.
and it does not include
lying to me.
Whatever you say.
You want to know
what I'm gonna do?
- No.
- I'm gonna buy a boat.
- A boat?
- Mm-hmm.
A diving boat.
Gonna run it
down to Micronesia.
open up a charter business.
You ever heard of Chuuk Lagoon?
It's an old Japanese naval base
down in the South Pacific.
February 7. 1944.
sank 12 warships.
32 support vessels.
and now they're just lying
at the bottom of the ocean.
It's a diver's paradise.
You don't even
know how to swim.
I know.
But I can learn.
- Hi.
Sorry I'm late.
I did it.
I talked to an attorney.
About Carlton?
Yes.
And I think I have a case.
that I should file a claim
with H.R. for sexual harassment.
You did the right thing.
Well. this only happened
because you gave me the courage.
Thank you.
We're gonna celebrate.
I'll book a room
at the Wolverton.
and we're just gonna
order room service
and watch movies all night.
I love you.
- Abby...
- No. I mean it.
I know that we said
we weren't gonna get
super serious.
but I can't help it.
I love you.
What is it?
I love you. too.
Well. I'm assuming
you don't want me
to walk you to your door.
Thank you.
Hey. can I ask you something?
Do you think it's possible...
For. uh...
Someone like me to...
Start over.
to become something else?
Isn't that
what you do for a living?
Yeah.
But. uh...
You know what I mean.
Can you be honest?
You have to be honest.
Tom.
Our entire marriage.
everything that happened...
Our fights. the baby...
Your laugh.
It couldn't have all
been pretend.
You're not that good an actor.
That's why I didn't...
See it. because...
So much of it was real.
You are my greatest failure
as a profiler.
You're my greatest success.
You made me feel...
For a moment...
Like I had a life...
And that somebody cared.
So. this is me being honest.
Can you be honest
about the passports?
The passports?
They're real...
Government issue.
Where'd you get them?
Berlin had a guy.
I guess not.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
I can't.
Not about this.
That's not how the truth works.
You don't get
to pick and choose.
Not if you want
to learn how to swim.
It's gonna be a nice boat.
What was that?
That was goodbye.
Uh. that won't be necessary.
Mr. Hobbs here is
one of the good guys.
How are Faye and the boys?
You know.
I don't think I've seen them
since Dylan's wedding.
They're fine.
Mark and his wife
just had a baby girl.
Oh. grandfather.
Well. it suits you well.
Wisdom of the ages and all.
Where is everybody?
I thought I was late.
The vote's already been taken.
Roger.
Roger. Roger. Roger.
I always treated you
with respect.
We may not
have seen eye to eye.
but I always heard you out.
Look. I don't know
what he's been telling you...
I brought you in.
I know.
- I was your sponsor.
- Yes.
Look.
I told him that Reddington...
Reddington did not make you!
We made you!
Have you forgotten
what this organization
has done for you?
Government contracts?
Silverstone?
R&D grants?
We put you in the game.
and you betray us?
You betray me?
I treated you like family.
- I supported you.
- Just hear me out.
Shh. shh. shh.
There is a car
waiting for you outside.
You are going to the airport.
- Please.
- Zzt!
You are leaving
the country tonight.
You are not
to call your family.
and you are never coming back.
It's not about money.
It's about revenge.
Aram.
can you put up all the files?
Hernando Cruz
jumped off that bridge
after being accused
of insider trading.
He purchased 10.000 shares
of stock
in Rudman Pharmaceuticals
one day before it got approval
from the FDA
to market a new cancer drug.
That stock doubled overnight.
Toshiro Osaka.
our Japanese entrepreneur...
When Hernando Cruz made
the trade.
Osaka was the CFO
at Rudman Pharmaceuticals.
Miles Chapman...
He was the regulator who approved the drug.
And Drew Roberts was
Cruz's co-worker
who oversaw all of the trades.
You think they were in on it
with the husband?
I'm saying maybe the husband
wasn't in on it at all.
- Maybe they set him up.
- It makes sense.
Vanessa Cruz is
a frame-up artist.
Maybe she got the idea
from seeing how easy it was
for these people
to frame her husband.
Wait. The evidence you found
in Cruz's loft suggests
she's been targeting
dozens of victims.
All one-percenters...
People who personify
the same greed
that cost her husband his life.
Assuming that she's going
after everyone
who was involved
in framing her husband.
the question is. who's left?
I don't know.
but I do know someone who can tell us.
Before you made your
fortune in the private sector.
you worked in the division of
corporate finance at the S.E.C.
Yeah. so?
Did you look at the research I gave you?
Tell us about Hernando Cruz.
- Did you find anything?
- Hernando Cruz.
He was a trader
for Oakside Investments in 2008.
He killed himself
after you were about to open
an investigation into him
for insider trading.
So?
What does that have to do with...
I thought you were looking
for the woman who set me up.
It was his wife who set you up.
and now we know why...
Along with Toshiro Osaka.
Miles Chapman. and Drew Roberts.
Tell us about Hernando Cruz.
He didn't jump off that bridge.
did he. Lester?
Don't look so depressed.
Today's your lucky day.
We found out who framed you.
Cruz.
It was his wife?
Maybe we can help you.
Maybe you can talk to us.
and maybe we can make a deal.
It was 2007.
before the crash...
Height of subprime mortgages.
bundling.
things that really hurt people.
But this...
It was a victimless crime.
We had every angle covered...
The trading floor.
the regulatory agencies.
You made the S.E.C.
look the other way.
- I want a lawyer.
- No. no. no.
What you want is a deal.
and the only way
you're gonna get that
is if you keep talking.
So... Talk.
Everyone was going to
look the other way.
except that kid. Cruz.
He found out. went to his boss.
We tried to keep him quiet.
but he refused.
He was too idealistic.
So you were a part
of a conspiracy.
and when Cruz tried
to go against you.
he was murdered...
Thrown off a bridge
to keep him
from blowing the whistle.
That's when you framed him.
which is why she framed you.
When I knew her.
she was nobody. a ranch hand.
How did she...
If Cruz went to his boss.
like you said.
why was it never reported?
- Because his boss was in on it.
- What was his name?
Mason Carlton.
Thundridge Capital.
Cruz has taken revenge
on everyone but this guy.
Find him. Aram.
_
I called Carlton's office.
and nobody's picking up.
His cell is going
straight to voicemail.
But get this...
I accessed his cell records.
and I found a ton
of inappropriate messages
with his assistant.
Her name is Abby Issa.
Either this girl is having
an affair with her boss...
Or he's being catfished.
You said she was his assistant?
Which means she'd have
the keys to the kingdom...
Passwords. financials.
credit cards.
There's a hit
on Mason Carlton's Amex.
He reserved a room for tonight
at the Wolverton Hotel.
Hello?
Abby?
How long have you been here?
Hello. Mr. Carlton.
Who the hell are you?
Hernando Cruz.
Surely you remember him...
The young day trader
you and your colleagues
framed and murdered.
There were six of you...
Pigs.
Too good to work.
too refined and elegant
to sweat.
So you and all the other useless.
greedy pigs
instead gorge yourselves.
grow fat on the sweat
of the other 99%.
So...
Little piggy...
I will tell you
how this is going to work.
You and Abby
have been having an affair.
There's a digital paper trail
of texts and pictures.
Your fingerprints and DNA
are in her apartment.
You reserved this room.
I've arranged it
so the police will believe
you've been to her apartment.
just like I've arranged
for them to believe
Abby discovered you were
embezzling from your firm
and was gonna blackmail you
unless...
You pay her to keep quiet.
They'll confirm
she'd gone to a lawyer.
prepared a sexual-harassment
lawsuit.
which she threatened you with.
so you shot her
with the gun she bought
to protect herself
before turning it on yourself.
Abby...
She has such a big heart.
She's so innocent. so...
unsuspecting...
Just like...
But this is the only way.
You have to pay
for what you did.
Hey. I'm here.
Sorry I'm late.
What is this?
Hello.
this is security calling.
I have a gentleman and a lady
from the FBI here
who'd like to have a word
with Mr. Carlton.
I'm sorry. Abby.
I'm so sorry.
Follow me. please.
Hands where I can see them.
Hands in the air!
She said she made a mistake.
She said she made
a horrible mistake.
Radio security!
Have them lock down the hotel!
And call an ambulance!
Ressler!
You wanted to see me?
I thought you should know...
...Mason Carlton's
gonna be charged
in the murder of Hernando Cruz.
We lost her.
Yes.
And we will find her.
What matters now
is that the innocent people
she framed
are gonna be set free.
This here...
And you there?
You have no idea
how happy that makes me.
I wonder what his angle is.
Sir?
Reddington.
Why give us this case?
Thank you.
What's his interest
in this Cruz woman?
Mrs. Cruz. my employer is
a longtime admirer of yours.
Who are you?
He understands your gambit
has run its course.
The FBI knows
what you're up to.
They're looking for you now.
which means you have
one of two choices...
Run and hide.
or accept his help.
What help?
And who's this...
Employer?
I got your message.
- What is this place?
- Reddington.
Tom.
what are you still doing here?
I've been thinking about
what you said...
About needing
to tell you the truth.
So I'm gonna
tell you the truth.
I don't understand.
The passports...
The passports came
from Reddington.
Liz. there's more.
It's me.
It's done.
I'm listening.
The vote went your way.
The Director wasn't very happy.
but a vote's a vote.
- And Hobbs?
- He wants to meet.
Yes.
I'm quite sure he would have.
But he can't. can he?
What are you talking about?
Hobbs was to contact me
after the vote was cast.
He didn't.
which means he's dead.
which means you betrayed him...
Betrayed me.
That's not true.
He specifically asked
that the three of us should meet
so that
we can discuss the future.
You need to run. Jasper.
Run like the prairie wind.
because I'm coming for you.
And when I find you.
I'm going to cut out
that forked tongue of yours
and deliver it
to the Director myself.
It's time to go away. Dembe.
Agent Keen wants to meet
regarding the Fulcrum.
What's wrong?
I just spent the last 42 hours
dealing with a man
who is a lifelong habitual.
pathological liar.
- Tom.
- Yes. Tom.
- Lizzy...
- Don't give me advice.
This man. this liar.
he told me something...
Something that
I need you to confirm.
Now. before I ask.
I want you to understand that...
I expect you to give me
the dignity of a yes or a no.
Do you understand?
Yes.
I'm the one who hired Tom Keen
to enter your life.
Can I explain?
No.
No. you cannot explain.
Here.
This is all you wanted.
Now you have it.
Lizzy. when I hired Tom...
I said please do not attempt
to explain why.
I don't care why.
I just want this to stop.
I want it all to stop.
right now.
Take it!
Lizzy. Lizzy!
No!
Raymond!
Dembe!
Reddington!
Sync. corrected by icephoenix
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org